Add support distinct() function of JSON Path (#4633)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-json.adoc

:plugin-short-name: json
include::partial$plugin-installation.adoc[]

== JSON Path

> Vividus uses inside https://github.com/json-path/JsonPath#readme[Jayway JsonPath] implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON path expressions always refer to a JSON structure in the same way as XPath expression are used in combination with an XML document. The "root member object" in JsonPath is always referred to as `$` regardless if it is an object or array.

JSON path expressions can use the dot–notation

[source]
----
$.store.book[0].title
----

or the bracket–notation

[source]
----
$['store']['book'][0]['title']
----

> For building paths you can use standart https://github.com/json-path/JsonPath#operators[operators] and https://github.com/json-path/JsonPath#functions[functions].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also the number of https://github.com/json-path/JsonPath#operators[operators] and https://github.com/json-path/JsonPath#functions[functions] are available for use in JSON paths out of the box. At the same time https://here_the_link_to_functions_section_should_go[additional functions] are available.
```

> === distinct()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== JSON Path Functions
==== `distinct()`
```

Vividus provides ability to use additional function for filtering repeated values.

* `distinct()` - Provides an array containing only unique items from the input array.

.Using distinct() function of JSON Path
[source,gherkin]
----
Then JSON element from `
{
  "type": [
    "b",
    "b",
    "a",
    "c",
    "a"
  ],
  "name": [
    "abc"
  ],
  "date": "2023-11-16"
}
` by JSON path `$.type.distinct()` is equal to `[
   "a",
   "b",
   "c"
]` IGNORING_ARRAY_ORDER

> ----

Reviewer: it should go in general section headed `Steps`

:plugin-short-name: json
include::partial$plugin-installation.adoc[]

== JSON Path

JSON path expressions always refer to a JSON structure in the same way as XPath expression are used in combination with an XML document. The "root member object" in JsonPath is always referred to as `$` regardless if it is an object or array.

JSON path expressions can use the dot–notation

[source]
----
$.store.book[0].title
----

or the bracket–notation

[source]
----
$['store']['book'][0]['title']
----

=== JSON Path Functions

==== `distinct()`

Vividus provides ability to use additional function for filtering repeated values.

* `distinct()` - Provides an array containing only unique items from the input array.

> [source,json]

Reviewer: provide description what it is

Author: moved into table with examples

----
{
    "type": [
      "b",
      "b",
      "a",
      "c",
      "a"
    ],
    "name": [
      "abc"
    ]
}
----

.distinct() function of JSON Path example
|===
|JSON Path |Result

|`$.type.distinct()`

> |`["b","a","c"]`

Reviewer: please provide more examples:
- array of objects
- what will happen if it's applied to object

Author: added example with array of objects
and for object - if I right understand, Jayway implementation by default remove repeating pairs name-value.
Example:
<img width="952" alt="Screenshot 2023-12-05 at 16 36 03" src="https://github.com/vividus-framework/vividus/assets/35694955/866764a1-be14-4a47-bd2e-517689952aaf">

TIP: Use https://jsonpath-c48u.onrender.com/[JsonPath online validator] to test your JsonPath.

=== JSON Path

JSON path expressions always refer to a JSON structure in the same way as XPath expression are used in combination with an XML document. The "root member object" in JsonPath is always referred to as `$` regardless if it is an object or array.

JSON path expressions can use the dot–notation

[source]
----
$.store.book[0].title
----

or the bracket–notation

[source]
----
$['store']['book'][0]['title']
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also the number of https://github.com/json-path/JsonPath#operators[operators] and https://github.com/json-path/JsonPath#functions[functions] are available for use in JSON paths out of the box. At the same time there are additional functions listed below.

```

TIP: Use https://jsonpath-c48u.onrender.com/[JsonPath online validator] to test your JsonPath.

=== JSON Path

JSON path expressions always refer to a JSON structure in the same way as XPath expression are used in combination with an XML document. The "root member object" in JsonPath is always referred to as `$` regardless if it is an object or array.

JSON path expressions can use the dot–notation

[source]
----
$.store.book[0].title
----

or the bracket–notation

[source]
----
$['store']['book'][0]['title']
----

Also the number of https://github.com/json-path/JsonPath#operators[operators] and https://github.com/json-path/JsonPath#functions[functions] are available for use in JSON paths out of the box. At the same time there are additional functions listed below.

==== JSON Path Functions

===== `distinct()`

> Vividus provides ability to use additional function for filtering repeated values.
> 
> * `distinct()` - Provides an array containing only unique items from the input array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* `distinct()` - removes duplicated items from the input array.
```
